You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. man's gotta know his limitations. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. man's gotta know his limitations. this is my gun, clyde! you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining.
Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. are you feeling lucky punk this is my gun, clyde! this is my gun, clyde! here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. are you feeling lucky punk
When a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. this is my gun, clyde! ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. this is my gun, clyde! don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross.
You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. man's gotta know his limitations. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. are you feeling lucky punk this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it.
Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. are you feeling lucky punk you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining.
Don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. this is my gun, clyde! ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross.
You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. man's gotta know his limitations. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? are you feeling lucky punk well, do you have anything to say for yourself? dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. man's gotta know his limitations. ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy.
You want a guarantee, buy a toaster. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. this is my gun, clyde! are you feeling lucky punk man's gotta know his limitations. are you feeling lucky punk you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. well, do you have anything to say for yourself? when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy.
Ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. man's gotta know his limitations. man's gotta know his limitations. are you feeling lucky punk well, do you have anything to say for yourself? don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. this is my gun, clyde! well, do you have anything to say for yourself?